The idea is to fill up the content of each session with a very nice and dynamic presentation. It doesn't have to be fancy, it's all about pacing and motion design.

The document plan.md sums up the content of the workshop.

We have session_morning that comes first, then session_afternoon and session_closing.
All those files are in md format.

My goal is to fill up with the exact content I want to display. I may use recordings of well designed vibe coding sessions, it doesn't have to be in real time, at any time I should be able to go back to a specific moment of the video if needed, simply using git to go back in time or switch branch. 

As this is for a workshop, tt may even be more relevant for me to be able to assist someone into his own setup if needed and use a recording of a session as the fondation for the whole 

In term of setup, I need to have something quite efficient, and uv is a great way to simplify a few steps, so it'll be part of the requirements.

I also want to explain mcps, and I'm not sure the sessions are covering this up right now, so it will have to be integrated. Actually I would like to use my own world builder mcp, which is the mcp I've created to help me create worlds.

The idea behind the world builder mcp is that you need do have your content saved in directories anyways, for example if you are talking about a movie, you have characters, locations, props, scripts, and all those "ingredients" that make a movie a movie.

You have to picture it as a shift in the way we create things.
Before we had our brains and our hands to do things.

With Gen AI, going from a description to a tangible asset is getting simpler day after day. What was impossible yesterday is just so easy today it even runs on laptops sometimes. 

Also most big ai providers will give us access to their models for free with limitations, but no less than the usual gpt most users are using daily, so integrating them into vibe coding sessions is natural. This document itself is part of a vibe coding session, and I'm currently writing the REAME file to describe the content of the workshop.

Now let's pretend you have your hands tigh in your back. 
We're in brain only mode.
And let's just "agree" on what we want to create. 

We are entering a world of descriptions.

Describing every little part of every single detail of the content, piece by piece, step by step, like a painter would go from a sketch to a masterpiece.

The state we want to achieve if absolute control over the result of the creation by decribing very caustiously each details of it, in order to achieve certainty of the expected result.

At that level, we can be sure an AI will be able to generate the missing pieces exactly as expected.

So by mixing the central agent to talk and interact with a natural language prompting, the world builder mcp, that keeps track of items, assists in their specifications and approval process, the user can achieve extreme word creation productivity.

The sytem assists you in creating everything you need, and help you focus on approving all the time, wich makes it actually more efficient then classic project management methods, like scrum by takign the creation process out of it all together.

If you're alone, you need to agree with yourself basically, but the ai agent and the world builder mcp can be here to drive you through your own personnal creation.

Alone or in a team, it doesn't really matter as the way things are approved isn't hard coded, but drather escribed in a file attached to types of things.
The way a Character is approved may change from a project to another, but the fact that it has to be approved exists nonetheless, and thus should simply be described.

These represents all the bricks that will make all your content: Characters, Locations, Props, Scripts, etc... you decide depending on what you want to achieve. 

We can provide templates for most common creations such as a movie for example, or a simple text book.

A template being basically the description of what this time of item is:
what it represents
how it can be linked to other type of items
if there might be associated files to it
And who and what would we need to approve such item, basically what does it take to say this item is done.


For simplicity sakes, 

As soon as there's an agreement, it's done.

So What it is we need to achieve agreements?

The content has to be approved. That's it.

So basically the world builder mcp helps you do that.

It all starts with a new project.



